com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRestBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRestBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/TopbarBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.TopbarBindingImpl
com/common/compactcalender/Event.java
 com.common.compactcalender.Event
com/loseweight/utils/CountDownTimerWithPause.java
 com.loseweight.utils.CountDownTimerWithPause
 com.loseweight.utils.CountDownTimerWithPause$1
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRecentBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRecentBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityBmiBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityBmiBinding
com/common/compactcalender/AnimationHandler.java
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$1
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$2
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$3
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$4
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$5
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$6
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationHandler$7
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseYourPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseYourPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityExerciseListBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityExerciseListBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityReminderBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityReminderBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogGenderDobBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogGenderDobBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/common/compactcalender/CollapsingAnimation.java
 com.common.compactcalender.CollapsingAnimation
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHistoryBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHistoryBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemDaysChildBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemDaysChildBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/TopbarBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.TopbarBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityEditPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityEditPlanBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityTurnOnWaterBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityTurnOnWaterBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetRestartConfBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetRestartConfBinding
com/common/AutoFitImageView.java
 com.common.AutoFitImageView
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReplaceWorkoutListBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReplaceWorkoutListBinding
com/loseweight/inapp/SkuDetails.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.SkuDetails
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityMyProfileBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityMyProfileBinding
com/loseweight/inapp/Purchase.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.Purchase
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogWeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogWeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHomeDetailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHomeDetailBinding
com/common/compactcalender/EventsContainer.java
 com.common.compactcalender.EventsContainer
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReplaceWorkoutListBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReplaceWorkoutListBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentAnimationBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentAnimationBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityReminderBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityReminderBinding
com/common/view/numberpicker/NumberPicker.java
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$1
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$2
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$Align
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$ChangeCurrentByOneFromLongPressCommand
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$DividerType
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$Formatter
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$InputTextFilter
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$OnScrollListener
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$OnScrollListener$ScrollState
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$OnValueChangeListener
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$Order
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$Orientation
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$SetSelectionCommand
 com.common.view.numberpicker.NumberPicker$TwoDigitFormatter
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHomeBindingImpl
com/loseweight/inapp/IabException.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabException
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRestBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRestBinding
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/StickyRecyclerHeadersAdapter.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersAdapter
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/StickyRecyclerHeadersTouchListener.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersTouchListener
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersTouchListener$1
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersTouchListener$OnHeaderClickListener
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersTouchListener$SingleTapDetector
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseWeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseWeightBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityFastWorkoutDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityFastWorkoutDetailBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemEditPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemEditPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogGenderDobBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogGenderDobBindingImpl
com/common/ScanningView.java
 com.common.ScanningView
 com.common.ScanningView$1
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentPlanBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogHeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogHeightBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogHeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogHeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityAccessAllFeatureBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityAccessAllFeatureBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWorkoutStatusIndicatorBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWorkoutStatusIndicatorBindingImpl
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/util/LinearLayoutOrientationProvider.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.util.LinearLayoutOrientationProvider
com/common/view/numberpicker/Scroller.java
 com.common.view.numberpicker.Scroller
 com.common.view.numberpicker.Scroller$ViscousFluidInterpolator
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRecentBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRecentBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityYourPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityYourPlanBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogDobBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogDobBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemBodyFocusBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemBodyFocusBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityExerciseListBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityExerciseListBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityEditPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityEditPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRestDayBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRestDayBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHomeDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHomeDetailBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityCommonQuestionBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityCommonQuestionBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentReportBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentReportBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemBodyFocusBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemBodyFocusBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseHeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseHeightBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityTurnOnWaterBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityTurnOnWaterBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityFastWorkOutBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityFastWorkOutBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetReplaceExBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetReplaceExBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityVoiceOptionsBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityVoiceOptionsBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCapturedImagesBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCapturedImagesBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemChooseYourPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemChooseYourPlanBinding
com/loseweight/inapp/IabBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabBroadcastReceiver
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabBroadcastReceiver$IabBroadcastListener
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogHeightWeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogHeightWeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityFastWorkoutDetailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityFastWorkoutDetailBinding
com/common/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.common.AutoFitTextureView
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentAnimationBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentAnimationBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogSoundOptionBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogSoundOptionBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHomeDetailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHomeDetailBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHistoryParentBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHistoryParentBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWellDoneBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWellDoneBinding
com/common/compactcalender/CompactCalendarController.java
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarController
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarController$Direction
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityVoiceOptionsBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityVoiceOptionsBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentMeBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentMeBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityDaysPlanDetailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityDaysPlanDetailBinding
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/caching/HeaderProvider.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.caching.HeaderProvider
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityPerformExerciesBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityPerformExerciesBinding
com/loseweight/BR.java
 com.loseweight.BR
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/caching/HeaderViewCache.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.caching.HeaderViewCache
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHistoryParentBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHistoryParentBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWhatsYourGoalBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWhatsYourGoalBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCapturedImagesBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCapturedImagesBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWellDoneBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWellDoneBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityPerformExerciesBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityPerformExerciesBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseHeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseHeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetExDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetExDetailBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionParentBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionParentBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/PopupLogoutBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.PopupLogoutBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogWeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogWeightBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/loseweight/utils/URLs.java
 com.loseweight.utils.URLs
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHistoryChildBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHistoryChildBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityYourPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityYourPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionParentBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionParentBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemChooseYourPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemChooseYourPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityHistoryBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityHistoryBindingImpl
com/common/compactcalender/AnimatorListener.java
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimatorListener
com/common/compactcalender/Events.java
 com.common.compactcalender.Events
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogHeightWeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogHeightWeightBindingImpl
com/common/compactcalender/CompactCalendarView.java
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarView
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarView$1
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarView$CompactCalendarAnimationListener
 com.common.compactcalender.CompactCalendarView$CompactCalendarViewListener
com/loseweight/inapp/IabResult.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabResult
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseWeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseWeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionTitleBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionTitleBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetExDetailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetExDetailBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentVideoBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentVideoBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityMyProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityMyProfileBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogTestVoiceFailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogTestVoiceFailBindingImpl
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/calculation/DimensionCalculator.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.calculation.DimensionCalculator
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentMeBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentMeBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWhatsYourGoalBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWhatsYourGoalBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemRecentBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemRecentBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogQuiteWorkoutBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogQuiteWorkoutBinding
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/StickyRecyclerHeadersDecoration.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.StickyRecyclerHeadersDecoration
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemDaysParentBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemDaysParentBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemRecentBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemRecentBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemRandomWorkoutBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemRandomWorkoutBinding
com/loseweight/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.loseweight.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentPlanBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentPlanBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReminderBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReminderBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogSelectTtsEngineBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogSelectTtsEngineBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogQuiteWorkoutBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogQuiteWorkoutBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityRestDayBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityRestDayBindingImpl
com/android/vending/billing/IInAppBillingService.java
 com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService
 com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Default
 com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub
 com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub$Proxy
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseTargetWeightBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseTargetWeightBindingImpl
com/loseweight/inapp/IabHelper.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$1
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$2
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$2$1
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$3
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$3$1
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$3$2
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$IabAsyncInProgressException
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$OnConsumeFinishedListener
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$OnConsumeMultiFinishedListener
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$OnIabSetupFinishedListener
 com.loseweight.inapp.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentReportBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentReportBindingImpl
com/common/compactcalender/AnimationListener.java
 com.common.compactcalender.AnimationListener
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemEditPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemEditPlanBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWhatsYourGoalBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWhatsYourGoalBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/PopupLogoutBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.PopupLogoutBindingImpl
com/loseweight/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.loseweight.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.loseweight.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.loseweight.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetReplaceExBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetReplaceExBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityAccessAllFeatureBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityAccessAllFeatureBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityBmiBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityBmiBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHomeDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHomeDetailBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityCompletedBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityCompletedBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReportWeekDayBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReportWeekDayBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogSelectTtsEngineBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogSelectTtsEngineBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogWeightWithDateBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogWeightWithDateBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReminderBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReminderBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWorkoutStatusIndicatorBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWorkoutStatusIndicatorBinding
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/ItemVisibilityAdapter.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.ItemVisibilityAdapter
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityFastWorkOutBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityFastWorkOutBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomBarBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomBarBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomBarBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomBarBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWorkoutListBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWorkoutListBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseYourPlanBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseYourPlanBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemRandomWorkoutBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemRandomWorkoutBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemHistoryChildBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemHistoryChildBindingImpl
com/loseweight/inapp/Inventory.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.Inventory
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemDaysChildBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemDaysChildBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityAboutBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityAboutBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWaterTrackerBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWaterTrackerBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWaterTrackerBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWaterTrackerBindingImpl
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/HeaderPositionCalculator.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.HeaderPositionCalculator
com/loseweight/BuildConfig.java
 com.loseweight.BuildConfig
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemReportWeekDayBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemReportWeekDayBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionChildBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionChildBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/FragmentVideoBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.FragmentVideoBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionTitleBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionTitleBindingImpl
com/loseweight/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.loseweight.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.loseweight.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemDaysParentBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemDaysParentBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityWhatsYourGoalBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityWhatsYourGoalBindingImpl
com/loseweight/inapp/Security.java
 com.loseweight.inapp.Security
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityCompletedBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityCompletedBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogUnloackTrainingBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogUnloackTrainingBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemWorkoutListBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemWorkoutListBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityCommonQuestionBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityCommonQuestionBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityDaysPlanDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityDaysPlanDetailBindingImpl
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/util/OrientationProvider.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.util.OrientationProvider
com/loseweight/databinding/BottomSheetRestartConfBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.BottomSheetRestartConfBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogWeightWithDateBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogWeightWithDateBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/ItemCommonQuestionChildBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ItemCommonQuestionChildBindingImpl
com/common/view/stickyheadersrecyclerview/rendering/HeaderRenderer.java
 com.common.view.stickyheadersrecyclerview.rendering.HeaderRenderer
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogSoundOptionBindingImpl.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogSoundOptionBindingImpl
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogUnloackTrainingBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogUnloackTrainingBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/ActivityChooseTargetWeightBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.ActivityChooseTargetWeightBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogDobBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogDobBinding
com/loseweight/databinding/DialogTestVoiceFailBinding.java
 com.loseweight.databinding.DialogTestVoiceFailBinding
com/common/compactcalender/EventComparator.java
 com.common.compactcalender.EventComparator
com/common/compactcalender/WeekUtils.java
 com.common.compactcalender.WeekUtils
